Privacy Policy For CosyDVR

Your privacy is very important us at CosyDVR software. Sometimes we need some permission and information to provide the services you request, 
this privacy statement applies to all the following permission being used by our CosyDVR.


The software will not disclose personal information to any company or third party other than as defined in the Privilege Policy and User Agreement.
The personal information transmitted by the user in electronic form shall not be disclosed to any third party outside the purposes and scope set out in the Privacy Policy.
The CosyDVR software shall take all necessary precautions to keep private and confidential information strictly private, to regard it as a duty to keep confidentiality and to ensure and maintain confidentiality,
to prevent the unauthorized use or unauthorized entry of any or all of the confidential information into the public domain, Committed to the necessary self-reliance.
Personal information.
When you visit our product, we do not collect, store or use any personal information that is downloading or promoting.
We may use the personal information provided by you solely for the purpose of: to improve, not to offer and improve our products and services, and to provide better quality services.

We may wish to disclose your personal information in the following situations or legally:
 (1) Previously allowed;
 (2) In or out of Citizen, in accordance with the applicable law, legal action, litigation requests;
 (3) Requests from public and official authorities;
 (4) To protect our legal rights and interests.

Non-Personal Information:

We can collect and use non-personal information in the following situations. We may collect non-personal information, 
such as installed application name and package name, installation data, usage frequency, country usage, etc., to better understand user behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertisements.
If your non-personal information is combined with your personal information, we will treat the merged information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.

Information we obtain from your use of our Services
As you view and interact with your software, we can gather information about the services you use and how you use them. 
We can gather device-specific information (such as hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information). 
CosyDVR Software does not share this information with third parties.

General Policy:

Your privacy is a matter that we take very seriously at  CosyDVR and the default policy is "do not collect anything, do not share anything". We apply this policy to all Android applications as follows:
(1) No User Account: None of our applications require you to 'sign up' or 'sign in'. Our applications do not collect / store / transmit any information about you or any third party.
(2) No Ads:  our app have no third-party ads. This means that no personal information is leaked through the advertisement. In addition, your battery life is also helpful to your protection.
(3) Minimum Permissions: Permissions requested by our application are reversed to an absolute minimum, and as far as possible, our applications only requires the following Access:

The specific permissions for CosyDVR software and how to use them are detailed below.
(1) E-mail Communication: If you contact us by e-mail, your e-mail address will be used only to find the answer to your problem. It can not be used to communicate with you for any other purpose. It will not be shared with any third party.
(2) CosyDVR video application does not contain links to any third-party website.
(3) CosyDVR software camera application requires the following Android permissions:
(i) CAMERA: used to record videos with your device's camera.
(ii) Access to the gallery. 
(iii) Access to record audio.
(iv) Access to read and write external storage.
(v) Access to modify audiosettings.
(vi) Access to wake lock.
(vii) Access to GPS location.
(viii) Access to internet and battery status.

### Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make significant changes to our policies, we may make a noticeable warning on our website or in your application. If the change affects registered users, we may send you an alert via email, push notification.

Wish to contact us?
You can contact us through the following :
Github: https://github.com/sergstetsuk/CosyDVR
Email: serg_stetsuk@ukr.net

Hope you enjoy using our application. 
Our respect. CosyDVR Software team.

